Update cdn-app-dev-node.md (#71344)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cdn/cdn-app-dev-node.md

> 
> 

You can use the [Azure CDN SDK for JavaScript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-cdn) to automate creation and management of CDN profiles and endpoints.  This tutorial walks through the creation of a simple Node.js console application that demonstrates several of the available operations.  This tutorial is not intended to describe all aspects of the Azure CDN SDK for JavaScript in detail.

> To complete this tutorial, you should already have [Node.js](https://www.nodejs.org) **4.x.x** or higher installed and configured.  You can use any text editor you want to create your Node.js application.  To write this tutorial, I used [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete this tutorial, you should already have [Node.js](https://www.nodejs.org) **6.x.x** or higher installed and configured.  You can use any text editor you want to create your Node.js application.  To write this tutorial, I used [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com).  
```

![NPM init output](./media/cdn-app-dev-node/cdn-npm-init.png)

> Our project is now initialized with a *packages.json* file.  Our project is going to use some Azure libraries contained in NPM packages.  We'll use the Azure Client Runtime for Node.js (@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth) and the Azure CDN Client Library for JavaScript (@azure/arm-cdn).  Let's add those to the project as dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our project is now initialized with a *packages.json* file.  Our project is going to use some Azure libraries contained in NPM packages.  We'll use the library for Azure Active Directory authentication in Node.js (@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth) and the Azure CDN Client Library for JavaScript (@azure/arm-cdn).  Let's add those to the project as dependencies.
```

   
    ``` javascript
    var credentials = new msRestAzure.ApplicationTokenCredentials(clientId, tenantId, clientSecret);

>     var cdnClient = new cdnManagementClient.CdnManagementClient(credentials, subscriptionId);

Reviewer: > new cdnManagementClient.CdnManagementClient(...)

This is confusing. I would recommend updating the require statement as `const { CdnManagementClient } = require("@azure/arm-cdn");`  Then this becomes `new CdnManagementClient (...)`

Previously, the client was the default export from the cdn package, so the user could just "new" it up.
Now, we have multiple exports from the package.

Author: changed. Thanks

![Delete profile](./media/cdn-app-dev-node/cdn-delete-profile.png)

## Next Steps

To see the reference for the Azure CDN SDK for JavaScript, view the [reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/arm-cdn).

> To find additional documentation on the Azure SDK for JavaScript, view the [full reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/arm-cdn).

Reviewer: Here the updated link is same as the previous line

```suggestion
To find additional documentation on the Azure SDK for JavaScript, view the [full reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/?view=azure-node-latest).
```
